[music]
>> Good morning.
I'm so happy this morning because I woke
up with the sun beaming into my eyes.
This is our bedroom and you can see that
there is so much sun. Here it's a little
bit more blue because we're not facing
the sun here, but
it just really makes my day when the sun
is shining and it doesn't happen so
often during the wintertime here in
Copenhagen.
So, you have to really enjoy the days
when the sun is shining. So, today we
are going for a walk with a dog that if
we have dog sat once before. Her name is
Sally. She is a 7-months-old
Bernese Mountain Dog. When we met her
for the first time, I somehow thought
that she was going to be like a small
toddler or something. But no, no, no.
She's like a full-grown dog. She gains I
think 1 kilo per week and I think she's
going to be like 40 kilos in total. So,
she is like almost fully grown. Yeah,
I'm excited to go and meet her for the
second time. I'm just having my little
breakfast. I'm having some bone broth.
This honestly is the best thing ever. I
drink this every morning. I didn't
really know what to expect when I saw
people drinking bone broth in the
mornings. I was like But it's just it's
so soothing and comforting. It's
honestly not like disgusting or
anything. So, yeah. And then I'm having
my eggs.
>> [music]
[music]
>> She's so strong.
>> [laughter]
>> Look at this.
We're trying to teach her to
stay next to us.
So, we say "Platz."
But she is just, you know, a baby. So,
she wants to play and run around.
>> [music]
>> We just dropped Sally off and this walk
honestly made my day. Both getting to
walk this adorable dog. Oh, she is so
cute. And also meeting the horses today.
There were like two donkeys there as
well and one of the horses came up to
me. I feel like I'm like a horse
whisperer or something. I'm like a horse
girl. I
I grew up with horses if you didn't know
that already. It's just so lovely
meeting this horse. I haven't seen
horses in a in a long time. But we're
going to walk to a bakery that has the
best fastelavnsboller here in Copenhagen
because today it is the big day. It's
called like fastelavns
day. day.
>> day of fastelavns. Yeah, I mean they've
been selling these pastries for a few
weeks now, but today is the the final
day where it's like it's this tradition
and it's basically like a Danish pastry.
I don't know, like a bun with a creamy
filling and it's so good.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Oh, guys, it is freezing cold.
>> [laughter and gasps]
>> There were no spots inside the bakery
because there were so many people. So,
we're just sitting here at Brygge. So
cozy here and it's very cute because
there are so many streets that have
Icelandic names. I mean obviously it's
Islands Brygge.
So, it's like the Icelandic area. There
are a lot of streets that we like know
the names of. So, it's very cute. We
have the precious fastelavnsboller.
This one is a salted caramel and this
one here is pistachio and raspberry. We
also have coffees that we need to drink
very fast because otherwise it's going
to get cold.
My god, guys, look at this.
Uh-oh.
Oh my Oh my god.
This is proper pistachio.
>> Wow, proper pistachio. Yeah, you have a
lot of
>> [laughter]
>> This is Danish.
>> This is high-quality stuff.
Worth every penny. Wow.
Well, I think it's about time that I
give you guys a little apartment update.
You can see over here
this empty room. I need to show you
because we just got the floors sanded
and you can see the difference. This is
the before and this is the after. Look
how gorgeous it looks.
And also the walls are freshly painted.
So pretty. So, we've been waiting for a
couple of days for this to dry. So,
we've been living in our other room with
all of our furniture. So chaotic. I'm
going to show you. This is what it looks
like. So, this is a closet that was in
the other room. We had to disassemble it
to put it in here. And yeah, just a lot
of clothes everywhere and this is even
worse.
You should not look at this.
But yeah, now we're going to put the
closet back in the other room. So, we
basically have to move everything into
this room since this one is ready so the
guys can do the rest of the apartment.
So, we need to fit everything in here.
So, we're going to start with the
closet.
>> [music]
[music]
>> We finally finished assembling the
closet. It took a while to get the glass
doors on the closet. They were just so
heavy and we had no idea what we were
doing, but we managed and I'm so glad
because now we can start organizing our
clothes because they have just been
laying around everywhere. But now I'm
starving and I'm going to make dinner
and today's video is in collaboration
with HelloFresh. Tonight we are making
Hungarian chicken paprikash. I am so
excited to try this because I've never
made it at home, but I tried it once in
Budapest and it was absolutely divine.
So, I'm excited to make it at home. It's
honestly just so nice not having to
think about what to cook for dinner. I
just have this bag ready in my fridge
and all of it is pre-portioned and it's
so easy to follow the recipe card. So,
let's get into it. With HelloFresh, you
simply go on their website, browse
through the menu and choose the recipes
you want to cook. There's always a lot
of variety and lately they've added even
more healthy recipes to the menu. So,
it's easy to choose meals that feel
balanced but are still really
comforting. And most of the dishes we've
chosen usually take around 20 to 30
minutes to make, which honestly makes
such a difference after a busy day.
Right now, you can save up to 959 kroner
on your first five boxes using my code
birta2026.
Just check the link in the description
box or scan the QR code on the screen.
It's Helgi's first time trying chicken
paprikash. Very exciting.
It was super simple to make. And it
looks very yummy.
The paprika flavor is like the smoked
paprika. It's very good.
And then you have a little fresh salad
on the side.
Yummy.
This is our new bedroom. So exciting.
Funny because we were actually going to
have this as our living room. We were
planning on tearing down this wall
because the kitchen is right next door.
We were going to have like an open
space, but we changed our minds and
we're not going to go do it for now at
least, and it just makes more sense to
have this as the bedroom. It's also a
little bit smaller than the other room,
and I feel like it just looks really
nice. It's a little bit similar to our
previous apartment, kind of funny. And
also, you guys saw in the moving vlog
that this closet was left here when we
got the apartment, and we were a little
bit frustrated, but it's actually been a
bit nice because we didn't have anything
else in the meantime, and closets can be
quite expensive. So, we're just going to
have it for now. I think it's
it's like decent. So, we're going to use
it while we figure out something else.
Yeah, it's slowly coming together, but
the apartment is not fully ready because
they need to sand the floors and paint
everything in the rest of the apartment.
They're actually coming in a few hours,
so we're just throwing everything into
this room, and then we're actually going
to go and stay at a hotel because we
won't be able to walk around in this
apartment. It has to dry for a day or
something. So, it's also going to be
pretty nice, a little getaway. But,
before I get ready and pack my bags, I'm
going to make my new obsession, which is
this coconut cloud iced matcha. I tried
it at this pop-up matcha place, and I
fell in love, and I tried to recreate it
a couple of times, and I always failed
because I didn't know like what to use.
I tried using coconut milk, but you need
to use coconut water and coconut cream.
It's just so refreshing. It's probably
the perfect summer drink. I'm excited to
drink it when the weather is a bit
nicer.
>> [laughter]
>> But, I've been enjoying it nonetheless
in the cold winter days. But, I'm going
to go and show you how to make it.
This is what it looks like when you mix
it.
And I don't know if you can see. It is
just
so creamy.
I found the combination so weird when I
hadn't tried it. I was certain that I
wouldn't like coconut matcha, but when I
tried it, it's actually really good.
I think this is my new favorite way to
drink matcha. It's probably a bit easier
if you own the small whisk, you know,
the that's just like a little pen. That
would be probably a lot more convenient
than my hand mixer, but it does the job.
>> [music]
>> We dropped our bags at the hotel, and
now we're on a hunt for a lunch spot,
but we don't really know where to go.
I feel like all of the good spots in
Copenhagen are in other neighborhoods
and not like in the city center. So,
we're trying to find something. Maybe
this one.
>> [music]
[music]
>> We just walked past a really cute store
that sells like accessories, jewelry,
and stuff like that, and they sell
headbands. You know, the plastic
headbands where you can kind of push
your hair back. I bought one a few years
ago, but it recently broke, and I just
think it's such a cute accessory. So, I
think we need to go and have a look.
Look at that.
They're waiting for me.
>> [music]
[music]
>> We're having some afternoon
cookies at the hotel, and this hotel
room is insane. I think this might be
the most beautiful hotel room I've ever
stayed at.
>> Yeah, the design and It's just so cozy,
but still so chic. Guys, look what I
brought home with me.
So, I ended up buying a headband from
the store that we walked past, and there
were so many people inside the store,
but I've never been there before. But,
they have so many cute things, you know,
claw clips,
hairpins, everything for like
accessories.
>> [gasps]
>> Isn't it gorgeous?
I love it. I love the kind of burgundy
color. I need to show you guys how it
looks on my hair, but it's a little bit
dirty, so I'm sorry about that.
How do you like it?
I think it's so cute, and I just love
being able to put my hair back or like
so it's not in my face. And it also
reminds me of when I was younger because
I used to wear these types of headbands
all the time. Cute.
>> [music]
>> This was
>> so relaxing. It's exactly what I needed.
I was only missing my book. It would
have been so cozy to read a book a while
sitting in the bathtub, but yeah, I
really needed to relax a little bit.
It's been quite stressful the last
couple of weeks with the renovations at
home. I mean, it's not big renovations,
but yeah, I don't know. I feel like
we've been living out of boxes for a
long time. I mean, we moved in in the
beginning of January, and it's March
now. It's just because we didn't really
know what we wanted to do with the
apartment. We had some like plans or
like a vision what we wanted to do, but
it just didn't really make sense, and it
would have been quite expensive, and we
just wanted to start fixing the floors,
painting the walls, and I think it's
going to make a really big difference.
So, I'm really excited to show you guys
once we fully settle in and like buy a
dining table and chairs and a sofa. It's
been a very temporary situation for a
bit too long, so I'm going to be so
happy when this is over with. But, we
are actually
I haven't told you guys, but we are
going to Cape Town
in a few days. So, the plan was kind of
to make the paint and the floors and
everything just fully settle, and also
because there's a lot of chemical smell
in the apartment, and I think it's best
to kind of not stay there while
everything is drying. So, it was kind of
an excuse for us to go somewhere, but
it's not only that, we also really,
really wanted to go somewhere warm, and
now it's like the end of summer in South
Africa, and it's going to be our first
time there, and I am so excited. I'm
obviously going to be vlogging in Cape
Town. I think I might make two vlogs,
and who knows, maybe Hulk is also going
to be filming something, but I don't
know. It's been a difficult last few
months, and I don't know. I posted a
video like last week, and that video was
actually from December last year. It got
kind of delayed. I don't want to get
into it, but I don't know. I got a lot
of comments that people felt that I was
a bit different. Some people thought
that I looked sad, and I don't know.
It's crazy that you guys spot these
things, and I guess that you all just
know me so well, which is just crazy,
but it honestly kind of also warms my
heart knowing that you guys like care
for me, and
I don't know. YouTube is like my safe
space, and it is truly my favorite
platform to share content on, but when I
haven't been feeling my best, it is
sometimes difficult to be sharing so
much of your life and try to show up
like super positive and happy and stuff
like that when behind the scenes you are
maybe struggling. But, yeah, I want to
continue posting regularly here on
YouTube. I'm just slowly getting back
into the rhythm, but I'm really, really
excited to go to Cape Town and film
videos for you guys. I think it's going
to be so amazing. Okay, anyways, we are
going to go have dinner, and there is a
Chinese hot hot spot hot pot place
literally next to our hotel, and people
were like sitting down. It's kind of
like in the basement, and I could see in
their bowls some yummy delicious hot
pots with noodles and beef, and I was
like, "Mhm,
I'm craving this for dinner." So, I'm
quickly going to blow dry my hair, and
get dressed, and then we're off to
dinner.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I had to go and buy some gum because my
mouth was literally burning after this
dinner, but I have to say it was
absolutely amazing, this dinner and this
place. I'm so happy that we walked past
it. It's you know, literally next to the
hotel, but I didn't know that it's
basically where you make your own hot
pot. So, I was a little bit stressed out
when we arrived because I had no idea
what to pick or like what would go well
together because you also had to pick
out your broth, and there were just so
many ingredients, but I actually ended
up picking a pretty good bowl, but I
picked the classic broth. She told me
that I was going to be spicy, and I
asked her if you know, she could make it
less spicy, and she said like, "Yeah,
medium." I thought that was going to be
okay.
And you can probably tell from the clip
when I took like when I took the first
bite, it like
right away just kind of burnt my mouth,
but honestly, it was so good. I think I
would have enjoyed it a little bit more
if it was just a tiny bit less spicy.
I was kind of dying.
The taste was just so so good, and I
love the noodles that I picked. I don't
know if it's like udon noodles. They're
a little bit thick, and then I tried
tteokbokki. I don't know what it's
called. I have to Google. I've seen it
around. It's like rice cakes that is
like shaped, I don't know. It was just
very chewy and lovely.
So, yeah, it was honestly a really cool
experience. I will definitely want to go
there again. But yeah, we are about to
have a cozy night. We're going to watch
the final episode of Yellowstone. We are
on the last episode of season 5, which
is the last season. I'm probably going
to cry.
>> [laughter]
[gasps]
>> But honestly, like this has to be
probably my top five favorite TV shows.
It is so amazing. If you like
Succession, it is like a little bit of a
similar vibe. It's like a family and
business and cowboys and rivalry between
like people. I don't know. It's so good.
And also, the scenery is just so
stunning. This show has kind of given me
my spark back for horses. I know it
sounds weird, but now I'm truly like,
"Wow, I would love to own horses and be
able to live that lifestyle." It's a lot
to commit to, and it's very expensive,
but oh my god, that would be an absolute
dream of mine. But yeah, I just wanted
to recommend it to you guys because I
love it. It's funny because I would make
a heart like this, but I know that a lot
of people would do it like this. I feel
like this is like the new generation.
And then, I don't know about this. This
is my generation, I think.
>> [music]
[music]